hey everyone Cory here and I thought it
would be kind of cool to a live stream
me playing one in the chamber again but
this time I'm going to pay a lot more so
I thought it would be cool if you guys
got to watch me either lose 3,000 uh God
points or earn a lot more I'm going to
turn off my notifications just so
there's don't like fuck out my hearing
impaired because they will when using a
headset again on the one in the chamber
there's no perks and also on the other
ones there's no perks so I would advise
you guys use a headsets because you can
hear a lot of people ending them sound
whore and it comes in handy so I'm going
to hit find a match go to weaken gambler
cuz i'll have enough with a high roller
i only got six thousand seven hundred
seventy-one so this is like 3,000 i
think we're going to play doh one in the
chamber oh the binds a thousand i'll
even less what's the high roller them
yeah 10,000 all right also my bad it's
not 3020 a thousand but I'll will still
play it because i already have all the
guns i need i have some of the
killstreaks i need so i don't really
need to buy i really don't need the
money so if I lose it I lose it but if I
don't and that's pretty awesome that I
win some more crisis one in the chamber
chris is a kind of big map but i think
they shorten it down and this is the 1i
I one on one last time so but again my
friend gave it to me so let's see how
well I do as you can see I'm the highest
rank in here the winner gets three
thousand be nice to 13 thousand but I
talking to you guys um I probably won't
win it but whatever you know it's just a
thousand points and again I really don't
need cloud points i already bought all
the guns i need all the attachments i
need for them so i'm good because i only
use a like two guns famas and go eoin
indicate not even then but it's pretty
loud and i like loudness gotta be able
to sound whore and also the connection
oh so a good thing to do i don't know if
i said this in last video but a good
thing to do is when you saw just just
crouch as you can see this guy's here oh
he had no idea I was even there there's
guy over there keep your distance
although there's a guy back here I mean
as people are trying hard because they
don't want to lose their money
Oh bitch you just got fucked up like the
pistol is really giving it has like an
aimbot that guy nice that guy without he
I don't know if he shot him or not let's
wait it out you know you can play campy
when you're in first oh that guy rush me
when I had a pistol like what a nub all
right there's a guy out there knife in
him I don't like I don't know think I
just running around knifing you know you
want to be careful you don't want to be
too careful that you can't too much but
if you're in the lead oh shit see if
you're in the lead you don't really you
know don't rush people that you might
think of a pistol like may have a bullet
you know and if you do jus come true
come out of his bullet like these people
are taking like crazy I shots look at
him like any doesn't even know I'm here
luckily I should be able to do there but
you know like it's not like these people
like they just try too hard I guess um
like look at this I've hit every shot
and like just cuz they're dumb and a
Miss and they all you can go through
here that's awesome I don't know that um
you know they just like rush you and
they make it all except for that guy
look at that guy he's just like oh I'll
just can't my ass off you know that game
vids guys pretty beast I'll just can't
you know and I don't know much of the
areas on here because I never really
played a whatever but I don't want to
get screwed over by height area so I
stay out of the building area and that's
why I stay over here because as you can
see except for on that sniper thing that
guy see me so for that sniper thing
there's not much height and also
crouched like if you you're gonna walk
like as you can see this guy's making so
much noise I don't want to take the shot
down fuck alright so I finally missed a
shot that guy has a gun no Sean that
Sean guy right there you know so much
just stay away from I'll go teabag this
guy that's bad you know make him rush
you maybe I can jus come out of his shot
and I can win and right now at the point
they can't even catch up even if I died
every round they got everyone knows life
I'd still win so it's not a big deal the
game's over um so it doesn't really
matter what I do I'll just you know I'll
try to go flawless and you came out of
it they're all the shots I lastly live
rehearse here we go he has two lives is
that what I'm saying what he only has
one life alright saying you know what
I'll just make it
run after me because again I'm in the
lead so he's come for me I could really
I really could care less if you see if I
kill him I'd rather just hiding in the
corner nothing he can do to kill me so I
just keep you know just watch out the
spots that he might come keep your
distance as you can see this guy's I
don't even know what he's doing so I can
just wait it out here also use your
radar as you can see the radar stays it
flashes so you want to use that as your
advantage um he isn't going to rush me
I'm not going to rush him I'm going to
lead so doesn't really matter here I'll
rush him I don't work here um you know
use it to your advantage he's just
camping it out behind that car a truck
whatever you want to call it so like
restaurant what is he doing like really
like what do you don't get so i'ma go up
above him I don't have a bullet i forgot
that's why i wasn't shooting people he
does though so i gotta get him out of
that bullet are you not taking a shot at
me alright this is really boring now
hahahahaha guys I want eight no I just
won 3,000 God points and now it's pretty
epic and let's see a killcam ready Oh
like I should have that knife but then I
just lay down letting lay down with
knifing guys they don't they don't look
down I'm a drop shot I learn this so
there's a shadow give you guys when
knifing lay down just draw it like lot
like you know what I mean just lay down
I'm sighs no one's bitching but I just
lay down guys one knife the look right
of you they won't know where you want
they'll be spinning around trying to
find you and you're just like Oh hid the
knife button again I got one stabbed
eight killstreak 3000 points 7 killers
with my pistol I gotten one knife and I
just went three thousand cal points
hopefully guys enjoyed this video I
wanted to keep it short and sweet but
it's actually like six minutes now so
whatever hopefully guys enjoyed it it's
really simple I really thought I was
going to lose guys but uh but yeah maybe
I'll try the expensive stuff in the near
future but yeah so talk to you guys
later make sure you sum up the video
because I was pretty epic and